now to a CTV News exclusive this is
something we're pretty sure you have
never seen before video of one of the
most powerful forces in nature lightning
striking a truck as it went down the
highway and incredibly the occupants
survived
CTV's david awasum has the exclusive
images and interview a great pickup
truck travels down highway 14 at 108
km/h we've slowed it down a bit to show
you the lightning bolt moving
considerably faster the two met just
outside tow fields Saturday afternoon it
sounded like a sonic boom it was just
that's how loud at full speed you can
still see just how powerful the hottest
example of nature's fury can be well it
was all billowing up in front of my face
and a still image shows the fireball
that engulfed the vehicle and shot out
the back of the pickup two massive
craters on the highway marked the spot
where the lightning struck all of it
captured on a brand new surveillance
system at a manufacturing company on the
other side of the road but what happened
to the people in that truck it's an
awful feeling to have
I saw Our Lives passing in front of my
eyes after the lightning strike a half
dozen airbags in the Chevy truck
deployed the metal body rippled by heat
and then the smoke started to fill the
cabin impossible to see or breathe
according to Al and Betty Perry
coupled with a ringing in their ears
from that blast it was really loud like
I don't know how loud but it was really
loud with parts of the trunk completely
melted al believes the electrical system
was fried as well he tried in vain to
escape but he says the doors and windows
appeared locked he was worried about
Betty suffocating she already recovering
from a recent stroke so I turned my body
and I put my two feet up against the
window trying to kick the window up I
don't know how many times I've tried and
tried and tried and al says he knew then
he wouldn't be able to save his wife or
himself
how are we getting out of this
particular thing this is this is this is
a coffin what they couldn't see is the
man coming to their rescue almost
immediately an RCMP officer who just
happened to be driving by the couple
says his actions saved their lives after
a clean bill of health from doctors the
couple celebrated their 47th anniversary
just a few days after this happened fair
to say there's still some sparks between
you yeah we have our battles near toe
field David Awasthi TV news and we have
an extended version of that amazing
video on our web site available to you
Edmonton CTV News CAA